{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f64\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times CE;}{\f65\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times Cyr;}
{\f67\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times Greek;}{\f68\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times Tur;}{\f69\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times (Hebrew);}{\f70\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times (Arabic);}{\f71\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footer;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}{\*\cs17 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}}{\info{\title Resume for Budget Coordinator}{\author Jim Densmore}
{\operator Jim Densmore}{\creatim\yr2004\mo6\dy19\hr10\min57}{\revtim\yr2004\mo6\dy19\hr10\min58}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords566}{\nofchars3229}{\*\company Rational}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8269}}\margl1584\margr1584\margt1296\margb1152 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\ftnrestart\notabind\noextrasprl\sprsspbf\brkfrm\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas \fet0\sectd \psz1\linex576\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx9090\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\i Linda M. Densmore\tab \tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs17\i  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs17\i\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 2}}}{\i 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\v\f4\fs24 \line \line 
\par }{\b\f4\fs24 Linda M. Densmore}{\f4\fs24 \line Colorado Springs, CO\line ldensmore_resume@densmore.org
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1728\li1440\ri0\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\i\f4\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\i\f4\fs24 Experience}{\f4\fs24 :\tab 
\par 
\par \tab }{\i\f4\fs24 MCI, Colorado Springs.  September 1994 -June 2004. }{\f4\fs24  
\par \tab Sr. Financial Analyst (1997-2004).  Within the MCI IT division, was responsible for reporting and tracking $60M g
ross SG&A budget, net $40M for organizations ranging from 200 to 600 people.  Prepared monthly variance reports for VP and Sr VP levels against budget and forecasts.  Prepared reclass and accrual journal entries as necessary.  Developed new fiscal year bu
d
gets for same organizations and prepared monthly year-end forecasts.  Monitored timesheets for completion, and prepared requests for incremental personnel for submission to executive management.  Prepared headcount reports showing variety of statistical d
ata, such as location of individuals, tenure, etc.
\par \tab Performed similar tasks for the European IT division, working closely with staff primarily in England.  Additional analysis was required to determine the impact of foreign exchange rates against the budget.
\par \tab Used SAP and various other internal financial systems to research questionable entries or project-related issues.
\par \tab }{\i\f4\fs24 MCI AWARDS}{\f4\fs24  -\'94Best of Success\'94 periodic award given by VP at his all-hands meetings, and the quarterly \'93Pinnacle\'94, also awarded by our VP for outstanding achievement.
\par \tab Admin Assistant (1995-1997).  Responsible to department head for tracking operational budget, including preparing variance, accrual and headcount reports.  Performed other customary administrative support in purchasing, travel,
 meeting scheduling and work-space coordination.
\par \tab }{\i\f4\fs24 AFA Falfins Swim Team, August 1999 - Dec 2001
\par \tab }{\f4\fs24 Volunteer Treasurer.  When the US Air Force Academy\rquote s Military Welfare & Benefits organization decided to cancel its sponsorship and operation of the AFA Falfi
ns Swim Team, parents of team members decided to continue its operation privately.  I filed documents to incorporate the swim team in the State of Colorado, and served as its treasurer from 1999 until 2001.  Responsibilities included creating a chart of a
ccounts, financial policy, obtaining from the IRS a 501(c)(3) status (not for profit), preparing budgets, presenting financial information to the Board, and handling all aspects of  financial management and reporting.
\par }{\i\f4\fs24 \tab Energy Billing Systems, Inc., Colorado Springs.  }{\f4\fs24 November 1993 - June 1994.
\par \tab Marketing Assistant.  Prepared correspondence, advertising copy, brochures and proposals for the sale of products manufactured by EBS.  Prepared literature for mass mailings.
\par \tab }{\i\f4\fs24 Decision-Science Applications, Los Angeles.  }{\f4\fs24 1989 - August 1993.  
\par \tab Office Manager.  Established the physical facility for the Los Angeles office of this company, headquartered in Arlington, Virginia.  As sole support for a small staff of technical personnel, was responsible for cost reporting, p
urchasing, and other general office duties.  Because of our contracts with the U.S. Defense Department, I implemented and maintained a facility security program according to U.S. Dept. of Defense regulations.  From 1986 to 1989, I edited technical documen
ts pertaining to tactical air combat simulations in the Arlington, Virginia office.
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f4\fs24 \tab 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\keep\keepn\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\i\f4\fs24 Volunteer Interests:
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\i\f4\fs24 \tab Missoula Children\rquote s Theater, Volunteer Keyboardist
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\keep\keepn\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\i\f4\fs24 \tab American Association of University Women, Member
\par \tab American Music Society, Colorado Springs, Member
\par Education}{\f4\fs24 :\tab 
\par \tab University of California at Los Angeles, 1973-1977; B.A. in German.
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f4\fs24 \tab Extensive coursework also done in linguistics, which included French and Italian language courses.
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f4\fs24 \tab American Institute of Foreign Study, Salzburg, Austria, 1975-1976; recei
ved certificates in grammar and translation from the University of Salzburg.
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\keep\keepn\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\i\f4\fs24 Computer Skills
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\i\f4\fs24 \tab Microsoft Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access
\par \tab Essbase (Hyperion product, Excel add-in)
\par \tab SAP (corporate financial system)}{\f4\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\keep\keepn\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\i\f4\fs24 \tab Quickbooks}{\f4\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f4\fs24 
\par }{\i\f4\fs24 Former Security Clearances}{\f4\fs24 : Secret; administratively terminated on 16 November 1993.
\par 
\par }}